[ADD] users stories for saved search to csv report (#32)
opendistro-for-elasticsearch/kibana-reports: docs/dev/Kibana-Reporting-Design-Proposal.md

        * As a user, I should be able to archive reports. 
            * Delete option should not be there as it might lead to complications such as one wherein the user who receives the reports deletes them and says that they never received the reports
        * As a user, I should be able to see a list of reports archived for the past 100 days. NOTE: Reports will be stored as hyperlinks/urls and NOT as actual reports. If the data is available at the time when the url is clicked, report will be created and can be viewed in a browser and can be downloaded.
    * For Saved Search CSV Report
        * As a user, I should be able to find my saved search through an autocomplete input, in order to find my saved search quickly.

>         * As a user, I should be able to choose time range for my csv data generation. This time range should be by default the same value of previous chosen time range from other tabs

Reviewer: Can you specify what you mean by "same value of previous chosen time range?" What if I am creating a Saved Search CSV report for the first time?

Author: Time range picker exists in different tabs in Kibana such as Discover, Visualizations, Dashboard, Reporting. It should keeps the time range value between all tabs. For example, user set time range picker at "last 7 days" in discover tab, then we should have automatically the same value "last 7 days" when the user arrives in Reporting tab.
 
```suggestion
        * As a user, I should be able to choose time range for my csv data generation. Time range picker value should be shared between tabs in Kibana.
```

Reviewer: `should be shared between tabs` -> `we can inherit the time range from existing tabs in Kibana` ?

>         * As a user, when I click on ‘Generate’ button, reporting plugin should launch the csv generation

Reviewer: Not storing actual CSV files, should only be storing metadata

        * As a user, I should have the list of my generated csv files

>             * As a user, I want to see the name of the user who generated the file in the generated csv files list

Reviewer: Does this mean a user would be able to see the list of all users who generated CSV reports? I'm not clear on what this means

Author: Good point, users should only see their generated CSV reports

```suggestion
```

            * As a user, I want to see the name of my csv file in the generated csv files list
            * As a user, I want to see the status of my csv file in the generated csv files list
            * As a user, I want to see the message of my csv file generation status in the generated csv files list
            * As a user, I want to see the date when my csv file was generated in the generated csv files list

>         * As a user, my csv generation should be asynchronous and not have to wait until my csv generation is done, that means that I can navigate to other tabs during my csv is generate in backend.

Reviewer: bottom line- user should not wait more than 1-2 minutes to receive a report. Download phase should be `generate` -> `download`

>             * As a user, my work in progress csv file should have pending status on my generated csv files list.

Reviewer: can remove

>             * As a user, I should be able to launch several csv files generation simultaneously

Reviewer: will not be able to do on one screen- would have to open multiple tabs or generate through schedules/alerts.

            * As a user, I should be blocked by reporting plugin, if I attempt to generate too many csv files in the same time that might flood backend

>         * As a user, I should get Kibana notification when an event is trigger by the reporting module such as:

Reviewer: A toast alert notification? Also when will the notification pop up? e.g if I'm in Kibana but not in the Reporting plugin, will I still see the alert?

Author: Yes

            * CSV is generated
            * An error occurred
            * CSV generation is launched
            * CSV is uploaded successfully 
        * As a user, I should be able to set/edit the csv name
        * As a user, I should know why my csv files generation failed
            * No content
            * No rights
            * Internal errors
        * As a user, ‘Download’ button and ‘Generate’ button should be disable if at least one requirement is not fulfill.

>         * As a user, I should be able to delete any csv file from the generated csv files list

Reviewer: Will csv also have archive functionality? e.g if I filter by `Archived` status as a user with permissions, I should be able to see reports that I have archived, but they will not show up in the default list.

Author: Depending on what we choose for CSV storage solution (CSV file or CSV metadata). If we store the CSV file, as we do for the moment, we should not have Archived CSV files in our index. It we only store CSV metadata why not, it could be great for Users.
